feat: support postfixes to reuse arrays (#118)
espressif/idf-build-apps: docs/manifest.md

    - if: IDF_TARGET == "esp32s2"
```

> ## Extending and Removing Elements from a YAML List

Reviewer: ```
## Enhanced YAML Syntax

### Reuse Lists

...

#### Array Elements as Strings

...

#### Array Elements as If Clauses
```

I'm moving one section level up for `enhanced yaml syntax`, in case we have other features in the future.

#### Array Elements as Strings

The following YAML code demonstrates how to extend and remove elements from a list of strings:

```yaml
.base_depends_components: &base-depends-components
  depends_components:
    - esp_hw_support
    - esp_rom
    - esp_wifi

examples/wifi/coexist:
  <<: *base-depends-components
  depends_components+:
    - esp_coex
  depends_components-:
    - esp_rom
```

After interpretation, the resulting YAML will be:

```yaml
examples/wifi/coexist:
  depends_components:
    - esp_hw_support
    - esp_wifi
    - esp_coex
```

This means that the `esp_rom` element is removed, and the `esp_coex` element is added to the `depends_components` list.

#### Array Elements as Dictionaries

In addition to extending and removing elements from a list of strings, you can also perform these operations on a list of dictionaries. The matching is done based on the `if` key. Here's an example:

```yaml
.base: &base
  enable:
    - if: IDF_VERSION == "5.2.0"
    - if: IDF_VERSION == "5.3.0"

foo:
  <<: *base
  enable+:

>     - if: IDF_VERSION == "5.2.0"
>       temp: true  # <-- This line will override 'enable'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # this if statement dictionary will override the one defined in `&base`
    - if: IDF_VERSION == "5.2.0"
      temp: true
```

    - if: IDF_VERSION == "5.4.0"
      reason: bar
```

After interpretation, the resulting YAML will be:

```yaml
foo:
  enable:
  - if: IDF_VERSION == "5.3.0"
  - if: IDF_VERSION == "5.2.0"
    temp: true
  - if: IDF_VERSION == "5.4.0"
    reason: bar
```

> In this case, the `enable` list is extended with the new `if` statement and `reason` dictionary. It's important to note that the line with `temp: true` will override the existing `enable` entry because the `if` statement matches an existing one.

Reviewer: This line is not accurate. not the "line with `temp:true` will override, but the `if` dictionary defined later will override the earlier one.

Author: changed to 

It's important to note that the `if` dictionary defined in the `+` postfix will override the earlier one when the `if` statement matches.

> This demonstrates how you can use the `+` and `-` postfixes to extend and remove elements from both string and dictionary lists in our YAML.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This demonstrates how you can use the `+` and `-` postfixes to extend and remove elements from both string and dictionary lists in our YAML.

```
